experiment with better describing the file finding (#343)
pypa/setuptools_scm: README.rst

in SCM metadata instead of declaring them as the version argument
or in a SCM managed file.

> Additionally ``setuptools_scm`` provides setuptools with a  list of files that are managed by the scm

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally ``setuptools_scm`` provides setuptools with a list of files that are managed by the SCM
```

> (aka automatically adding all of the scm managed files to the sdist).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(ie. it automatically adds all of the SCM-managed files to the sdist).
```

> (ie. it automatically adds all of the SCM-managed files to the sdist).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
(i.e. it automatically adds all of the SCM-managed files to the sdist).
```

> Unwanted files must be excluded by discarding them via ``MANIFEST.in``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unwanted files must be excluded by discarding them via ``MANIFEST.in``.
```
